Update main secrets documentation (#342)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/components/data-connectors/databricks.md

Check [Secrets Stores](/components/secret-stores) for more details.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="env" label="Env">
    ```bash

>     SPICE_DATABRICKS_TOKEN=<access-token> \
>     spice run

Reviewer: I think this is probably better on one line.

```suggestion
    SPICE_DATABRICKS_TOKEN=<access-token> spice run
```

    ```

    or

    ```bash
    spice login databricks --token <access-token>
    ```

>     to create a `.env` file with the secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to create or update an `.env` file with the secret.
```
